05-Linked List/README.md, before:

# Linked List
A linked list is a sequence of data structures, which are connected together via links.

Linked List is a sequence of links which contains items. Each link contains a connection to another link. Linked list is the second most-used data structure after array. Following are the important terms to understand the concept of Linked List.


- **Link -** Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.
- **Next -** Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.
- **LinkedList -** A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First.

## Linked List Representation
Linked list can be visualized as a chain of nodes, where every node points to the next node.

<img src = "img/img01.jpg" height ="150" width = "530">

## Uses of Linked List
- The list is not required to be contiguously present in the memory. The node can reside any where in the memory and linked together to make a list. This achieves optimized utilization of space.
- list size is limited to the memory size and doesn't need to be declared in advance.
- Empty node can not be present in the linked list.
- We can store values of primitive types or objects in the singly linked list.

## Complexity

<img src = "img/img02.JPG" height ="210" width = "830">

Commit message:

Added Basic Operations of Linked List

05-Linked List/README.md, after:

# Linked List
A linked list is a sequence of data structures, which are connected together via links.

Linked List is a sequence of links which contains items. Each link contains a connection to another link. Linked list is the second most-used data structure after array. Following are the important terms to understand the concept of Linked List.


- **Link -** Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.
- **Next -** Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.
- **LinkedList -** A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First.

## Linked List Representation
Linked list can be visualized as a chain of nodes, where every node points to the next node.

<img src = "img/img01.jpg" height ="150" width = "530">

## Uses of Linked List
- The list is not required to be contiguously present in the memory. The node can reside any where in the memory and linked together to make a list. This achieves optimized utilization of space.
- list size is limited to the memory size and doesn't need to be declared in advance.
- Empty node can not be present in the linked list.
- We can store values of primitive types or objects in the singly linked list.

## Basic Operations
Following are the basic operations supported by a list.

- **Insertion −** Adds an element at the beginning of the list.
- **Deletion −** Deletes an element at the beginning of the list.
- **Display −** Displays the complete list.
- **Search −** Searches an element using the given key.
- **Delete −** Deletes an element using the given key.

## Complexity

<img src = "img/img02.JPG" height ="210" width = "830">
